[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> Narrator: THIS IS THE TALE
OF A MAN WHO CONTINUES TO SEARCH
FOR HIS OWN PATH, EVEN AS FATE
BETRAYS HIM.
IT HAS BEEN SEVEN YEARS SINCE
TEPPELIN’S FALL.
HUMAN CIVILIZATION HAS EVOLVED
AT AN ASTONISHING RATE.
AS LORDGENOME PREDICTED, THE
INSTANT THAT THE ONE MILLIONTH
HUMAN WAS BORN, AN UNKNOWN
DESTRUCTIVE WEAPON
SUDDENLY APPEARED.
THE DECLARATION OF WAR AGAINST
HUMANITY CAME FROM
AN UNEXPECTED PERSON.
>> Nia: ATTENTION,
HUMANS OF EARTH.
HEAR ME NOW.
WE, THE ANTI‐SPIRAL RACES OF
THE UNIVERSE HAVE DETERMINED
THAT HUMANS HAVE ACHIEVED
SPIRAL POWER DANGER LEVEL TWO
AND ARE A MENACE.
WE HEREBY ACTIVATE THE HUMANITY
EXTERMINATION SYSTEM.
>> Simon: IS THAT NIA?
[bubbling]
>> Nia: I WILL SAY AGAIN...
THE HUMANITY ANNIHILATION
SYSTEM HAS BEEN ACTIVATED.
>> Kittan: IS THAT OUR LITTLE
PRINCESS?
WHAT’S SHE TALKING ABOUT?
>> Rossiu: HURRY, PINPOINT THE
TRANSMISSION ORIGIN!
>> Cybela: IT’S NO USE!
IT’S USING AN ENCRYPTION I’VE
NEVER SEEN BEFORE!
>> Rossiu: SO FIND A WAY!
>> Simon: ROSSIU! WHERE IS NIA?!
>> Rossiu: THAT’S EXACTLY WHAT
I’D LIKE TO KNOW.
>> Simon: SHE’S NOT ANSWERING
HER CELL.
IS THAT REALLY NIA SAYING ALL
THAT CRAZY STUFF?!
THAT CAN’T BE HER, CAN IT?
>> Kittan: IT SHUT OFF.
YEAH, THAT’S WHAT I SAID!
TRUST YOUR FRIENDLY NEW
GOVERNMENT COUNCIL!
>> Zorthy: HUH?! WHAT?!
>> Kittan: HOW COULD SOMETHING
WIPE OUT THE ENTIRE HUMAN RACE?
HUH? YOU WANT US TO COMPENSATE
YOU FOR YOUR HOUSE THAT BURNED?
YOU DUMB BASTARD!
DON’T YOU KNOW THAT GURREN
LAGANN WAS FIGHTING TO PROTECT
THE CITY?!
>> Dayakka: WHAT IS GOING ON?
IT’S CHAOS IN HERE!
>> Kittan: WHERE YOU BEEN,
DAYAKKA?!
>> Guimble: PROVISIONS
BUREAU CHIEF.
MY APOLOGIES FOR CALLING YOU IN.
>> Dayakka: THAT’S OKAY.
THERE’S NOTHING A NEW FATHER
CAN DO RIGHT NOW.
SO WHAT ARE ALL
THESE CALLS ABOUT?
>> Guimble: SIR, IT WOULD SEEM
THE CITIZENS ARE NERVOUS ABOUT
THAT LITTLE DECLARATION OF WAR.
SPEAKING TO EXECUTIVES
OF THE NEW GOVERNMENT
CORE TEAM GURREN MEMBERS WILL GO
FAR IN ALLEVIATING THE WORRIES
OF THE GENERAL POPULATION.
THAT’S CHIEF ADVISOR ROSSIU’S
THINKING ON THE MATTER.
>> Zorthy: I’M GETTING MORE
GRIPES ABOUT SMASHED‐UP HOUSES
THAN NERVOUS CITIZENS.
EVERYBODY’S REALLY ATTACHED TO
THEIR NEW LIFESTYLES.
>> Jorgun: LISTEN, WE TOUGH!
WE REAL TOUGH!
>> Balinbow: QUIT BITCHING AND
LET US DO JOB!
[both shout]
>> Dayakka: [sighs]
WHERE IS ROSSIU NOW?
>> Guimble: ATTEMPTING TO DEAL
WITH THE SITUATION.
PLEASE LEAVE IT TO
THE CHIEF ADVISOR.
>> Zorthy: IN OTHER WORDS,
KEEP US OLD‐TIMERS BUSY WITH
ALL THESE CALLS.
SOUNDS LIKE A PLAN THAT SMARTASS
ROSSIU WOULD COME UP WITH.
>> IT’S A SUCCESS.
WE’VE ACTIVATED THE
BIOCOMPUTER.
>> Rossiu: EXCELLENT. GOOD WORK.
NOW EVERYBODY LEAVE THE ROOM
AT ONCE.
NO ONE IS ALLOWED BACK IN UNTIL
I GIVE AUTHORIZATION.
>> VERY GOOD, SIR.
>> Rossiu: NOW, THEN.
THIS TIME, YOU’RE GOING TO TELL
ME EVERYTHING.
TELL ME ALL THE SECRETS
OF THIS WORLD.
WAKE UP, LORDGENOME.
>> Lordgenome: [yawns]
>> Simon: NIA , ARE YOU HERE?!
[Old Coco groans]
HEY, GRAMPS...
HAVE YOU SEEN NIA?
[Old Coco groans]
[Simon sighs]
[phone rings]
>> Nia: WELL MET. THIS IS NIA.
I CAN’T COME TO THE PHONE
RIGHT NOW.
WHEN I SAID, "I CAN’T COME TO
THE PHONE," JUST NOW, I CAN.
I’M JUST NOT NEAR MY PHONE.
AND WHEN I DO COME HOME,
I PREFER TO USE THE HOME PHONE.
>> Simon: PLEASE COME HOME
SOON, NIA.
>> Gimmy: WE FINALLY FOUND YOU,
SUPREME COMMANDER SIMON!
WHERE DO YOU THINK YOU’RE GOING?
>> Simon: OUT OF MY WAY, GIMMY!
>> Gimmy: BUT GURREN LAGANN HAS
BEEN ORDERED BACK TO BASE.
>> Darry: BESIDES, ALL COMBAT
HAS BEEN PROHIBITED EXCEPT
BY GRAPEARLS.
>> Simon: THE TWO O’ YOU WERE NO
MATCH FOR THAT THING!
>> Gimmy: WE COULD HAVE BEATEN
IT BY OURSELVES!
>> Simon: LISTEN, GIMMY,
I’M SEARCHING FOR NIA!
THIS IS AN EMERGENCY! BACK OFF!
>> Gimmy: I WON’T!
>> Simon: THAT’S AN ORDER FROM
YOUR COMMANDER!
>> Gimmy: GUNMEN DISPATCHES FALL
UNDER CHIEF ADVISOR ROSSIU’S
PURVIEW.
NOT EVEN YOU CAN IGNORE
THE RULES.
>> Simon: YOU LITTLE‐‐
>> Darry: THE CITIZENS ARE
INCREDIBLY WORRIED.
GURREN LAGANN IS
NO ORDINARY GUNMEN.
IT’S A SYMBOL OF THE RETAKING,
THE SYMBOL OF OUR POWER.
IF PEOPLE SEE IT FLYING AROUND
THE CITY, WELL, THEN, IT MIGHT
CAUSE THEM TO WORRY THAT
ANOTHER BIG BATTLE IS COMING
THEIR WAY.
THAT ISN’T SOMETHING THAT YOU’D
WANT TO CAUSE, SIMON.
>> Simon: [laughs]
YOU SURE CAN MAKE A PERSUASIVE
CASE THESE DAYS, DARRY.
YOU WIN.
TAKE GURREN BACK TO BASE
WITH YOU.
I’LL GO OFF IN LAGANN.
I WON’T DRAW ANY ATTENTION
IN THIS.
>> Gimmy: COMMANDER SIMON, WAIT!
>> Darry: GIMMY, DON’T.
NO ONE CAN STOP HIM WHEN HE’S
LIKE THIS.
>> Gimmy: I SWEAR. I WISH HE’D
HURRY UP AND REALIZE THAT TIMES
HAVE CHANGED.
>> Darry: MAYBE HE DOESN’T WANT
THEM TO CHANGE.
>> Gimmy: THAT’S JUST HIM
THINKING OF HIMSELF.
>> Leyte: WELL...
>> Simon: HEY, LEYTE, MAKKEN.
>> Leyte: SIMON.
[Boota burbles]
>> Simon: SO I GUESS SHE DIDN’T
COME HERE, EITHER.
>> Leyte: I’M REALLY SORRY.
WISH WE COULD’VE BEEN MORE HELP.
>> Simon: NAH, THAT’S OKAY.
I JUST CAME BY ON THE OFF CHANCE
THAT SHE MIGHT’VE COME HERE TO
SEE YOU GUYS.
>> Leyte: SIMON...
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
>> Simon: THEY SAW THE
BROADCAST?
>> Leyte: HUH?
>> Simon: NIA’S TRANSMISSION.
>> Leyte: YEAH. THEY SAW IT.
>> Simon: DON’T YOU KIDS WORRY!
’CAUSE NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS,
WE’LL COME UP WITH SOMETHING
FOR SURE!
I DON’T KNOW WHAT THIS HUMANITY
ANNIHILATION SYSTEM THING IS,
BUT IT’S NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT!
I PROMISE!
>> Leyte: YOU’RE THE ONE THAT
WE’RE WORRIED ABOUT, SIMON.
>> Makken: HE SEEMED PRETTY
DEPRESSED, DIDN’T HE?
>> Leyte: SHAME HE’S NOT
A MECHA.
THAT, WE COULD FIX.
>> Simon: NIA, WHERE ARE YOU
RIGHT NOW?
WAS THAT REALLY YOU ON THAT
BROADCAST, NIA?
NIA!
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪ ♪
>> Lordgenome: WHERE AM I?
>> Rossiu: IT HAS BEEN SEVEN
YEARS SINCE YOUR DEATH.
WELL, NO, IT WASN’T YOU
THAT DIED, EXACTLY.
WE WERE ABLE TO PRESERVE ALL OF
LORDGENOME’S KNOWLEDGE AND
MEMORIES AS DATA.
ALTHOUGH WE DIDN’T GO AS FAR
AS REPRODUCING HIS PERSONALITY.
>> Lordgenome: SO YOU WOULD DIG
UP A COFFIN AND DRAG OUT
THE CORPSE INSIDE?
YOU’VE AN ODD NOTION OF FUN.
>> Rossiu: WE HAD NO CHOICE.
YOU DIED WITHOUT TELLING US
ANYTHING.
BUT THIS TIME, YOU CAN’T
GET AWAY.
NOW TELL ME.
TELL ME EVERYTHING.
WHAT IS SPIRAL POWER?
WHAT IS THE ANTI‐SPIRAL?
AND WHAT DO THESE TWO THINGS
HAVE TO DO WITH HUMANITY?!
>> Simon: I’VE BEEN LOOKING
EVERYWHERE!
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN, NIA?
>> Nia: I HAVE BEEN IN A PLACE
UNKNOWN TO YOU.
BECAUSE NOW I HAVE LEARNED.
>> Simon: L‐LEARNED WHAT?
>> Nia: I HAVE LEARNED THAT YOU
AND I ARE COMPLETELY
INCOMPATIBLE.
THE SPIRAL NEMESIS WILL BRING
ABOUT THE DESTRUCTION
OF THIS UNIVERSE.
WE ANTI‐SPIRALS EXIST TO PREVENT
THAT FROM HAPPENING.
>> Simon: DO...DO YOU HAVE
A FEVER OR SOMETHING?
I UNDERSTAND YOU EVEN LESS THAN
I USUALLY DO.
>> Nia: SIMON, THE CORE DRILL
THAT YOU CARRY WITH YOU IS THE
VERY SYMBOL OF THE SPIRAL
NEMESIS.
ITS POWER, THE SPIRAL POWER,
WILL DESTROY THE UNIVERSE.
>> Lordgenome: SPIRAL POWER IS
THE ENERGY OF EVOLUTION.
LIFE‐FORMS WITH HELICAL DNA...
GALAXIES IN SPIRAL SHAPES...
SPIRAL POWER AMPLIFIES THEM TO
INFINITE LEVELS AS IT DOES
ALL THINGS.
THAT IS THE UNDERPINNING OF
THIS UNIVERSE.
HOWEVER, A GROUP APPEARED WHO
FEARED THE EFFECTS
OF SPIRAL POWER.
THAT GROUP IS KNOWN TO US AS
THE ANTI‐SPIRALS.
MY ORIGINAL BODY, LORDGENOME,
WAS ONCE A SPIRAL WARRIOR WHO
FOUGHT THE ANTI‐SPIRALS IN
ORDER TO PROTECT THE GALAXY.
>> Rossiu: SPIRAL WARRIOR?
>> Lordgenome: LAZENGANN, THE
TEPPELIN, EVEN THE GUNMEN, THEY
WERE ORIGINALLY WEAPONS USED TO
FIGHT THE ANTI‐SPIRALS.
>> Rossiu: WAIT!
ARE YOU TELLING ME THAT LAGANN
WAS ALSO A‐‐
>> Lordgenome: EXACTLY.
IT WAS ONE OF OUR MOST POWERFUL
WEAPONS.
IT’S A CORE MACHINE, WHICH CAN
CONTROL ANY MECHA WITH WHICH
IT COMBINES.
THOUGH I SEALED IT UNDERGROUND,
IT WAS FOUND BY HUMANS,
FATE’S HAND AT WORK AGAIN.
>> Rossiu: I DON’T UNDERSTAND.
IF YOU WERE ONCE A SPIRAL
WARRIOR, THEN WHY WOULD YOU
SUBJUGATE HUMANITY AND FORCE US
TO LIVE UNDERGROUND?
>> Lordgenome: WE HAD LOST.
THE SPIRAL RACES WERE LEFT WITH
NO CHOICE BUT TO FLEE TO THEIR
VARIOUS HOME WORLDS.
EARTH IS ONE SUCH WORLD.
AFTER THE ANTI‐SPIRALS
CONQUERED THE GALAXY,
THEY INSTALLED SPIRAL LIFE‐FORM
ANNIHILATION DEVICES ON ANY
WORLD WHERE THEY DETECTED
A SPIRAL LIFE‐FORM SIGNATURE.
WHEN THE ABOVEGROUND LIFE‐FORM
POPULATION EXCEEDS A SET LIMIT,
THE DEVICE THEN ACTIVATES.
>> Rossiu: AND SO THAT’S THE
REASON YOU DROVE ALL OF
HUMANITY UNDERGROUND?
>> Lordgenome: THINK WHAT YOU
WILL OF ME, BUT I WAS TRYING TO
PRESERVE HUMANITY AS A SPECIES.
I DID THIS BY MAINTAINING
A BARE MINIMUM POPULATION
UNDERGROUND.
>> Rossiu: WHY DIDN’T YOU JUST
COME OUT AND TELL US ALL THIS?!
WHY DID YOU USE FORCE
TO REPRESS US?!
>> Lordgenome: I HAD TO.
FOOLISH LIFE‐FORMS DRIVEN BY THE
SPIRAL INSTINCT BLINDLY STRIVE
TO REACH THE HEAVENS.
WORDS AND REASON AREN’T
SUFFICIENT TO CURB THAT DRIVE.
THE ONLY THING THAT CAN
IS FEAR.
EVEN SO, YOU REBELLED
AGAINST ME.
WITH A THOUSAND YEARS OF
IDLENESS AND BOREDOM BOTTLED UP
INSIDE OF ME, MY WILL WAS
WEAKENED AND NO LONGER STRONG
ENOUGH TO RESTRAIN THE RESTLESS
AMBITIONS DRIVING
SPIRAL INSTINCT.
NO, PERHAPS YOUR LITTLE
INSURRECTION SIMPLY MADE
MY BLOOD BOIL.
>> Nia: THAT IS THE TERROR
OF SPIRAL POWER.
NOT EVEN LORDGENOME COULD
RESIST ITS INFLUENCE AND CURB
HIS INSTINCT TO FIGHT.
>> Simon: THAT’S CRAZY!
I JUST WON’T ACCEPT THAT!
HOW COULD ME AND MY BRO’S FIGHT
BE THE RESULT OF ALL THAT?
>> Nia: IT’S NOW BEEN
SEVEN YEARS.
HOW FAR HAS HUMAN CIVILIZATION
ADVANCED AND PROGRESSED IN SUCH
A SHORT TIME?
DO YOU NOT FIND THE SPEED
SOMEWHAT SUSPICIOUS?
THAT IS THE POTENTIAL OF SPIRAL
LIFE‐FORMS.
THE GROWING HUMAN POPULATION
AND CIVILIZATIONS WILL ADVANCE
EXPLOSIVELY.
YOUR POWER WILL THREATEN
OUR OWN.
AND SO, WE WILL DESTROY YOU
BEFORE THAT CAN HAPPEN.
>> Simon: THAT’S WHAT THE
HUMANITY ANNIHILATION SYSTEM IS?
THAT MECHA EARLIER TODAY?
NO MATTER WHAT COMES, WE HAVE
GURREN LAGANN!
WE CAN DEFEAT THEM!
SO PLEASE, SNAP OUT OF IT!
NIA!
>> Nia: THAT ISN’T POSSIBLE.
I AM A MESSENGER SENT HERE
BY THE ANTI‐SPIRALS,
A VIRTUAL LIFE‐FORM THAT LAY
HIDDEN IN HELICAL GENETIC CODE,
AWAKENED WHEN THE SPIRAL
LIFE‐FORM EXTERMINATION SYSTEM
WAS ACTIVATED.
>> Simon: COME ON, NIA!
TALK TO ME IN WORDS I CAN
UNDERSTAND, I’M BEGGING YOU!
YOU NEVER TALKED USING WORDS
LIKE THIS, REMEMBER?
WHEN YOU TALKED, YOU RAMBLED,
SURE.
YOU WERE INCOMPREHENSIBLE...
BUT YOU WERE WARM, AND YOU WERE
SWEET, AND YOU WERE SO...
AW! I CAN’T EXPLAIN IT, BUT YOU
KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
YOU DIDN’T USED TO BE
LIKE THIS, NIA!
>> Nia: WHAT YOU SEE NOW IS
THE REAL ME.
>> Rossiu: PLEASE, LORDGENOME,
YOU HAVE TO TELL ME!
WHAT IS THE HUMANITY
ANNIHILATION SYSTEM?!
>> Simon: WHAT DOES THIS SYSTEM
DO TO ANNIHILATE HUMANITY?
>> Nia and Lordgenome: IN THREE
WEEKS, THE MOON WILL BREAK AWAY
FROM ITS ORBIT AND DIRECTLY
IMPACT THE EARTH.
AND THAT WILL BE THE END OF IT.
[explosion]
>> Rossiu: THE‐‐THE MOON?
WORD OF THIS MUST NEVER GET OUT
TO THE POPULACE!
THERE’D BE WIDESPREAD PANIC
IN SECONDS!
LORDGENOME, THIS INFORMATION
IS TOP SECRET.
YOU ARE TO DISCUSS IT WITH
NO ONE BUT ME.
>> Kittan: ROSSIU! SO THIS IS
WHERE YOU’VE BEEN HIDING?!
>> Rossiu: DON’T ENTER
WITHOUT PERMISSION!
>> Kittan: DUMB‐ASS!
WHO CARES ABOUT THAT?!
>> Dayakka: THE MOON PROBE
GUNMEN HAS BEEN DESTROYED!
>> Rossiu: WHAT?
>> Kittan: THAT AIN’T
THE HALF OF IT!
CHECK OUT THE TV!
>> Rossiu: NIA?
>> Kittan: IT’S BEEN RUNNING
LIVE FOR A FEW MINUTES NOW.
SHE’S SAYING THAT THE MOON’S
GOING TO FALL.
>> Rossiu: IMPOSSIBLE.
>> Kittan: THE LITTLE PRINCESS
SAID IT PLAIN AS DAY!
IT’S HARD TO BELIEVE, BUT
AFTER WHAT HAPPENED TO THE MOON
PROBE, WHO KNOWS?
>> Dayakka: CAN IT REALLY BE
POSSIBLE?
WE WERE DRIVEN UNDERGROUND
BECAUSE OF SOME WAR BETWEEN THE
SPIRAL AND ANTI‐SPIRAL RACES.
IT’S JUST LIKE LORDGENOME
PREDICTED.
THE MOON WILL BECOME
HELL’S MESSENGER.
IT’S GONNA COME DOWN ON TOP
OF US!
>> Rossiu: I WAS TOO LATE.
MY WORST FEARS ARE COMING TRUE.
>> Kittan: WHAT THE HELL?
>> Dayakka: HEY, I’VE SEEN
THIS GUY BEFORE SOMEWHERE.
>> Rossiu: I WILL EXPLAIN LATER.
LET’S GO TO THE DEFENSE ROOM.
>> Nia: IT’S IRONIC THAT THE
HUMAN WHOSE GENES CONTAINED
THE ANTI‐SPIRAL FACTOR WOULD BE
BORN INTO THIS WORLD AS
LORDGENOME’S DAUGHTER.
HOWEVER, THE DEFENSE SYSTEM HAS
BEEN ACTIVATED.
I HAVE BECOME AN ANTI‐SPIRAL,
AND I CAN NEVER AGAIN BE
MADE HUMAN.
>> Simon: NIA!
NIA! WHERE ARE YOU GOING?!
NIA!
[sirens wail]
>> Gimmy: HEY! WHAT’S GOING ON?!
>> Cybela: MUGANN HAVE
APPEARED AGAIN.
>> Gimmy: MUGANN?
>> Cybela: THAT MACHINE
FROM EARLIER.
THAT TYPE HAS BEEN
CODE‐NAMED MUGANN.
>> Simon: GIMMY, DARRY, MOVE IT!
>> Gimmy: EH?!
COMMANDER!
>> Darry: SIMON! IF YOU ATTACK
AND AREN’T CAREFUL, YOU MIGHT
CAUSE ANOTHER BIG EXPLOSION!
WE NEED A PLAN!
>> Simon: I’LL COME UP WITH
SOMETHING WHILE I’M FIGHTING!
>> Gimmy: THERE HE GOES AGAIN!
>> Rossiu: LEERON, HAVE YOU
BEEN ABLE TO FIND ANY EFFECTIVE
MEANS OF ATTACKING
THIS THING YET?
>> Ron: THIS IS DATA WE GOT
FROM GIMMY AND DARRY.
IT LOOKS LIKE A POWERFUL ENERGY
BARRIER OF SOME SORT IS
ERECTED AROUND THE BODY.
THAT ENERGY BARRIER NEUTRALIZES
OUR ATTACKS.
>> Kittan: WELL, THAT’S EASY!
WE’LL JUST HIT THAT THING WITH
MORE POWER THAN IT CAN HANDLE!
>> Ron: WE CAN’T DO THAT.
YOU SAW THAT HUGE EXPLOSION
LAST TIME, RIGHT?
A MUGANN IS ESSENTIALLY
COMPRISED OF EXPLOSIVE MATTER.
WHEN THE ENERGY FIELD GOES DOWN
AND IT STOPS FUNCTIONING, THE
ENTIRE BODY CONVERTS INTO ENERGY
IN A SPLIT SECOND.
>> Rossiu: YOU’RE TELLING ME ITS
MOLECULAR STRUCTURE IS
THAT UNSTABLE?
>> Ron: THAT WOULD MAKE SPATIAL
TRANSFERENCE EASIER,
DON’T YOU THINK?
>> Kittan: WHAT THE HELL ARE
THOSE TWO TALKING ABOUT?
>> Dayakka: HEY, DON’T LOOK
AT ME.
[gunfire]
>> Simon: OUTTA THE WAY!
ORIYA!
[people scream]
UH, SORRY.
>> DON’T JUST SAY "OOPS,"
YOU BASTARD!
>> DON’T YOU THINK YOU’VE DONE
ENOUGH DAMAGE ALREADY,
YOU BIG JERK?!
>> Gimmy: OUR NORMAL ATTACKS
AREN’T EFFECTIVE.
IT’S MAKING THINGS A LOT WORSE!
WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED TO DO?
>> Darry: OH, QUIT YOUR WHINING!
WE HAVE TO HALT THEIR ADVANCE!
>> Gimmy: SIMON!
SIMON, WAIT A MINUTE!
>> Darry: AT LEAST TRY TO DRAW
IT OUT OF THE CITY FIRST!
>> Simon: WE CAN’T WAIT!
ORIYA!
GIMMY, DARRY, SHOOT DOWN
ALL THE FRAGMENTS, ALL OF THEM!
>> Darry: ROGER THAT!
>> Gimmy: ROGER!
[gunfire]
>> Simon: NOW ONE TO GO!
>> Gimmy: SIMON!
>> Simon: THANKS!
HEH! AND THAT’S HOW IT’S DONE!
>> Kittan: NOW I GET IT!
WE JUST NEED TO DETONATE THEM
BEFORE THEY FALL TO THE CITY!
I KNEW SIMON COULD DO IT!
>> Ron: ASSUMING THEY ONLY COME
AT US IN PAIRS.
>> Dayakka: WHADDYA MEAN?
>> Rossiu: IF THEY APPEAR AGAIN
IN LARGE NUMBERS, THEN THAT
WON’T BE A VIABLE METHOD.
BESIDES, IT’LL HAVE A BAD
EFFECT ON THE PEOPLE.
>> Simon: WHAT’S THIS?
>> Boota: HUH?
>> DUMB BASTARD!
IS TRASHING STUFF ALL YOU’RE
GOOD FOR?
GIVE ME BACK MY HOUSE!!
>> THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT!
JUST GET THE HELL AWAY FROM US!
>> THE MOON’S GONNA FALL ON US!
WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU THINKING?
YOU FOOL! YOU IDIOT!
>> Darry: NO WAY.
>> Gimmy: HE SHOULD HAVE
LISTENED TO US.
>> Simon: IS THIS...
IS THIS SERIOUSLY WHAT MY
FIGHTING HAS CAUSED?
[crowd clamoring]
>> Rossiu: EVERYONE,
REMAIN CALM.
PLEASE JUST LISTEN TO YOUR
GOVERNMENT!
>> LOOK. GUNS!
>> THOSE JERKS ARE GONNA SHOOT
AT US!
>> Rossiu: YOU’RE WRONG!
WE HAVE NO INTENTION OF‐‐
[crowd quiets]
STOP THAT.
LOWER YOUR WEAPONS.
>> ARE YOU TRYING TO KILL US?!
>> GO AHEAD! SHOOT US!
>> Kinon: CHIEF ADVISOR ROSSIU!
ARE YOU OKAY?
>> Rossiu: YEAH, IT’S
NOTHING SERIOUS.
DON’T WORRY, KINON.
I’LL BE FINE.
>> Kinon: AN INJURY’S AN INJURY.
YOU SHOULD GET IT TREATED
EITHER WAY.
>> Guimble: I’M CERTAINLY HOPING
THAT THIS UNREST DOES
NOT SPREAD.
>> Rossiu: BUT IT WILL.
HUMAN IMPULSES CATCH FIRE AND
SPREAD IN THE BLINK OF AN EYE.
JUST LIKE THEY DID WHEN WE
DEFEATED LORDGENOME.
ONLY IN THIS PARTICULAR CASE,
THOSE IMPULSES ARE BEING
DIRECTED SOMEWHERE ELSE.
>> Kinon: CHIEF ADVISOR ROSSIU.
>> Rossiu: SOMEONE MUST BE MADE
TO TAKE RESPONSIBILITY.
THAT’S HOW GOVERNMENT WORKS.
THE ANTI‐SPIRAL...
WHO IN THE WORLD ARE THEY?
NIA.
>> Boota: OOH.
[rifles clatter]
>> Simon: WHAT’S ALL THIS ABOUT,
ROSSIU?
>> Rossiu: SUPREME COMMANDER
SIMON, I PLACE YOU
UNDER ARREST.
>> [man singing in Japanese]
♪ ♪
>> Rossiu: YOU MILLION APES,
PRAY AND ASK FOR THREE THINGS.
PROSPERITY AND...NO.
NOW SIMPLY PRAY FOR SURVIVAL.
NEXT TIME, ON GURREN LAGANN:
"WE WILL SURVIVE, BY ANY MEANS
NECESSARY."